3
solzreed peninsula
solzreed braised meat
specialty
true
25
trimmed meat
20
Egg
solzreed dried food
specialty
false
30
trimmed meat
30
grape
solzreed strawberry smoothies
fellowship
false
60
ground spices
100
strawberry
3
gweonid forest
gweonid dyed feathers
specialty
true
20
orchard puree
15
goose down
gweonid apple pies
specialty
false
50
chopped produce
30
apple
gweond piquant spices
fellowship
false
70
medicinal powder
190
onion
3
lilyhut hills
lilyhut hills milk soap
specialty
true
70
ground spices
35
milk
lilyhut cooking oil
specialty
false
50
dried flowers
20
olive
lilyhut hills barley moonshine
fellowship
false
15
orchard puree
12
ginkgo leaf
3
dewstone plains
dewstone fine thread
specialty
true
70
ground grain
40
goat wool
dewstone distilled liquor
specialty
false
100
medicinal powder
190
narcissus
dewstone toy robots
fellowship
false
15
orchard puree
12
ginkgo leaf

3
white arden
white arden trail mix
specialty
true
70
chopped produce
30
milk
white arden figgy pudding
specialty
false
50
ground grain
60
fig
white arden grilled meat
fellowship
false
30
trimmed meat
30
pumpkin

3
marianople
marianople duck down
specialty
true
70
dried flowers
40
duck down
marianople sweeteners
specialty
false
50
ground spices
12 cherry
marianople face cream
fellowship
false
100
chopped produce
160
iris

3
two crowns
two crowns cream
specialty
true
80
medicinal powder
35
milk
two crowns pomme cakes
specialty
false
50
ground grain
15
pomegranate
two crowns flowerpots
fellowship
false
80
dried flowers
180
lavender

3
cinderstone moor
cinderstone tart mead
specialty
true
55
dried flowers
20
lemon
cinderstone sacred candles
specialty
false
75
ground spices
55
bay leaf
cinderstone medicinal powder
fellowship
70
medicinal powder
190
azalea

3
halcyona
halcyona wheat biscuit
specialty
true
70
ground grain
35
egg
halcyona yam pasta
specialty
false
90
dried flowers
130
yam
halcyona livestone feed
fellowship
false
80
chopped produce
90
barley

3
hellswamp
hellswamp spicy meat
specialty
true
15
trimmed meat
10
banana
hellswamp mushroom pot pies
specialty
false
30
orchard puree
80
mushroom
hellswamp fried cucumbers
fellowship
false
100
ground spices
80
peanut

3
sanddeep
sanddeep medicinal poultice
specialty
true
40
medicinal powder
45
avocado
sanddeep preserved meat
specialty
false
30
trimmed meat
75
rosemary
sanddeep fired cucumbers
fellowship
false
60
ground grain
200
cucumber

3
arcum iris
arcum iris roasted eggs
specialty
true
60
ground spices
40
egg
arcum iris lavaspice
specialty
false
80
dried flowers
90
turmeric
arcum iris salt crackers
fellowship
false
50
ground grain
70
sunflower

3
falcorth plains
falcorth snowlion yarn
specialty
true
60
medicinal powder
40
goose down
falcorth apple tarts
specialty
false
100
ground grain
25
apple
falcorth plains fertilizer
fellowship
false
80
dried flowers
15
carrot

3
tigerspine mountains
tigerspine tigerspaw pancakes
specialty
true
70
ground grain
30
milk
tigerspine grape jam
specialty
false
50
chopped produce
60
grape
tigerspine seasoned meat
fellowship
false
30
trimmed meat
30
tomato

3
mahadevi
mahadevi elephant cookies
specialty
true
50
chopped produce
15
banana
mahadevi root herbs
specialty
false
25
orchard puree
25
bay leaf
mahadevi pickles
fellowship
false
60
ground spices
20
cucumber

3
solis headlands
solis alchemy oil
specialty
true
80
medicinal poweder
25
yata fur
solis juice concentrate
specialty
false
50
medicinal powder
15
jujube
solis red spice
fellowship
false
110
ground grain
30
saffrons

3
villanelle
villanelle potpourri
specialty
true
70
dried flowers
40
goat wool
villanelle preserved cherries
specialty
false
50
dried flowers
12
cherry
villanelle long noodles
fellowship
false
80
chopped produce
180
rice

3
silent forest
silent forest dried fruit
specialty
true
20
orchard puree
15
milk
silent forest pomme candy
specialty
false
50
ground spices
15
pomegranate
silent forest seasonings
fellowship
false
60
medicinal powder
100
garlic

3
ynystere
ynystere preserves
specialty
true
55
chopped produce
10
orange
ynystere olive oil
specialty
false
50
ground spices
20
olive
ynystere bouquets
fellowship
false
60
ground grain
200
rose

3
rookborne basin
rookborne basin biscuit sticks
specialty
true
20
orchard puree
15
milk
rookborne basin fuit leather
specialty
false
50
chopped produce
60
fig
rookbrone basin corn hash
fellowship
false
80
dried flowers
180
corn

3
windscour savannah
windscour hearty jerky
specialty
true
15
trimmed meat
windscour bitter herbs
specialty
false
windscour chilled beverages
fellowship
false

3
pernioor ruins
pernioor aged spices
specialty
true
pernioor potato powder
specialty
false
pernioor fried meat
fellowship
false

3
hasla
hasla softened fabric
specialty
true
hasla cured meat
specialty
false
hasla speicalty tea
fellowship
false